README.md, before:

# Personal Finance Manager

A web app that assists individuals with budgeting and tracking of their income and expenses.

## Table of Contents

- [Project Purpose](#project-purpose)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Testing](#testing)

# Project Purpose/Justification

The puropose of this project is to demonstrate the following:

- Using tailwind in an angular application
- Testing in angular

# Getting Started

1. Install `nvm` then `node` & `npm`: `brew install nvm && nvm install`
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`

## Recommended `node` setup

In order to have more consistent builds, use a strict `node` and `npm` version as defined in the `package.json` `engines` field and `.nvmrc` file. It is recommended to install `node` via `nvm` for easy node version management. Automatic `node` version switching can be installed for [`zsh`](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#zsh) or [`bash`](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#bash) using `nvm`.

## Running the web app 🕸

- To run the **development web app**: `npm start` or `ng serve`

# Testing

Commit message:

Project Complete
commit df438c724cdffc1bad8f7ec56aadd5b1c53d99cb
Author: ezqel <ezekiel3499@gmail.com>
Date:   Sat Feb 10 13:28:06 2024 +0300

    Project complete

commit fbff3ca2e19a338998e74488ab0404e44ec8e1a1
Author: ezqel <ezekiel3499@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Feb 9 20:46:50 2024 +0300

    Add firebase hosting

commit 3837f945046a914e32cfb9312655d0e67b10b7b5
Author: ezqel <ezekiel3499@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Feb 9 20:08:09 2024 +0300

    Add karma config

commit 60ea45ebbf27b77849a1599c8ebba1b0726faab6
Author: ezqel <ezekiel3499@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Feb 9 19:01:59 2024 +0300

    Error handling

commit d5f35ae7906cd1895fb3f22548596aec354563c6
Author: ezqel <ezekiel3499@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Feb 9 18:19:41 2024 +0300

    Add tests for fetching transactions

commit 19f1f8354b023755fd3386cd16d51e09d3a9e2a3
Author: ezqel <ezekiel3499@gmail.com>
Date:   Wed Feb 7 23:24:41 2024 +0300

    Change the font

commit 7097d5c43973c7567e4cb64e002a5a4ba6f294a6
Author: ezqel <ezekiel3499@gmail.com>
Date:   Wed Feb 7 10:14:24 2024 +0300

    update readme

commit abc34aecdab6c83010f63fcaffd68940da2533fc
Author: ezqel <ezekiel3499@gmail.com>
Date:   Wed Feb 7 01:37:28 2024 +0300

    add polyfill to tests

commit c774abfda13b0f5537f3ffc78179ee7ee763934a
Author: ezqel <ezekiel3499@gmail.com>
Date:   Sat Feb 3 00:49:15 2024 +0300

    Querying transactions by month

README.md, after:

# Personal Finance Manager

An angular web app for tracking individual income and expenses.

## Table of Contents

- [Project Purpose](#project-purpose)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Testing](#testing)

# Project Purpose

The purpose of this project is to demonstrate the following:

- Using tailwind in an angular application
- Developing components using angular CDK
- Saving data locally with pouchdb
- Unit testing in angular

# Getting Started

1. Install `nvm` then `node` & `npm`: `brew install nvm && nvm install`
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`

## Recommended `node` setup

In order to have more consistent builds, use a strict `node` and `npm` version as defined in the `package.json` `engines` field and `.nvmrc` file. It is recommended to install `node` via `nvm` for easy node version management. Automatic `node` version switching can be installed for [`zsh`](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#zsh) or [`bash`](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#bash) using `nvm`.

## Running the web app 🕸

- To run the **development web app**: `npm start` or `ng serve`

# Testing

To run tests use: `ng test`
